How do you plan on exhibiting professionalism at Techtonica? What would be different in a full-time engineering job setting?
I plan on showing up on time, being very communicative, respectful of others, and staying true to my word.dvance Nothing would be different in the full time engineering setting.  
What would you do if you just found out you are going to be an hour late tomorrow morning? 
I would communicate with the SEAM and fellow members of my cohort to let them know. 
What would you do if you realized that you only had time to finish most of your work by the due date of a group project? 
I would get the most important task done, reach out to fellow group members and inform them of the situation see if they could assist me with my work load.
Knowing yourself, what are the most effective ways for you to learn and retain new information?
repition, repition, repetition.
What is growth mindset?
anything is possible with hard work, determination and consistency.
Which operating system are you using right now? Name two other popular operating systems.
Why do computers need operating systems?
I'm using macOS and two popular systems are Android  and Microsoft Windows.
Explain what you would do if you felt stuck on a coding problem.
I would spend 20-25min trying fish for the answer and then I would break, come back to it and if i'm still stuck seek help from my peers, mentors, post question to stack overflow and etc.
Describe the ways you plan on meeting and staying connected with new people in tech this month.
I plan on attending meetups, hackathons, attend conferences and the like.
Describe some examples of effective body language and what is communicated when they are used well.
sitting up, open body i.e. hands unfolded and eyes being attentive. It communicates you have my attention and i'm fully engaged. 
Describe some examples of effective word choice and what is communicated when they are used well.
some effective word choices are, 
1. I will try
2. I will find out for you
3. Would you mind waiting 
these commicate a dialogue. 
How can you build trust in a team? 
Trust is built by Acknowledging and repairing when there is a lack of trust. Being  vulnerable make space for each group member to share and through working together
How are the devices on the internet physically connected to each other?
Connected through DNS.
How is information physically transmitted from device to device?
internet ships binary information through electricity, light and radio signals.
How does one device find another it’s trying to communicate with?
ISP connects you to other devices around the world. Every computer has an IP address and this is how computers communicate with one another.
What methods do devices on the internet use to communicate?
DNS 
How can we send data reliably even if the network is unreliable?
Data travels by separating data into packets and then TCP assures the packets format is correct.
